

Thanks to those ones looking at the code, guise

pl0x avoid if u can, this kind of comment
"oh, that's pretty safe, they encrypt the public key https://github.com/j0hnnMcCock/fuckNSA/blob/master/fuckNSA.pl#L1395 … What about the private key? "
^
thats the ephemeral dh public key being encrypted to be sent right after
the also ephemeral dh private key must not be sent, like..ever... lolololo <3

also
"doing 1 on 1 handshakes in a multiparty may not be the way to go. We probably need another crypto algorithm to exchange keys"

we totally agree with that DH can manage several keys thou perhaps theres no yet an efficient implementation 
about how to do that, right now.
we believe there are many dilemmas to resolve
and many thinks to question about mpOTR stuff itself, thou we tried to use this disadvantage for us:
so for us this could be used, for example, to customise code to apply regex to erase some kinds of values like IP addresses from 
the text to be sent, on real time, whilst u chat and then apply this filter to specific nicks on a chat room, 
for people suspected of being snitches, or to help injecting on purpose some extra 
shit on the text before being encrypted so, as watermarks, if a log leaks happens u could identify the origin of such leak easily
ejection and filtering. it is a needed feature for us.
Do you all remember the Sabu thingie, innit?

the script was not intended to be ready for public but to kick off some brainstorming about resolving the whole mpOTR thingie
cause well, people need it right now and not tomorrow

so we tried to get for ourselves something that works right now on the meanwhile better tools are engineered
the script was a needed solution for our very own communications
our communications happens under this context:
group of less than 6 individuals working under knowledge they could be infiltrated
by the FBI, because feds are trying to catch them permanently...u know 
people on such team works with fluid mobility, switching computers and OSes all time
even establishing communications from hardware as uncommon as routers
it requires avoiding compiling stuff cause it's not always possible to do that on some 'borrowed' box
it must be quick to be installed, in 2 minutes, everywhere.
it's required to avoid installing too many extra modules as possible (so openssl stay there)
we dont trust AES, CTR modes, we dont think 8 bytes long salts are enough, we dont like passphrase based key derivation based on md5 
why nobody talks about this OpenSSL thingie anyway?
it was careless and messy coded cause we r careless and messy in general
and because we dont like code styling pattern recognition coming from nsa
people should be able to change all parameters on it and fork different version as it fits to obfuscate methods
thats the thing, its not set to be standard but 
to be used modified and customised by diff groups and improved by those who are able to 
many questions rise when u deal with mpOTR, too many practical limitations and difficulties. 
but then again we need something now
and it must work...

during this thing u need to take decisions, not easy ones,
like making the authentification for each message vulnerable to be forged or not so much
on the middle term, whilst providing enough proof of authenticity on real time,
all this for the sake of keep some level of deniability. we paid a lot of attention to OTR key exchange protocol
but we r getting rid of the hmac key post-convo publishing compensating such issue with small and weaker hashes
people should think about better ways

"plausible deniyability is already a dangerous concept. It will not hold automatically in court. Or anywhere else for that matter."

we r not sure about it
lawyers should help to spot some light on this point
thou we wouldnt risk on it.

besides all limitations
it implements an OTR v2 protocol key exchange alike method, read the pdf on the repo and the Camellia encryption used is solid
and it works for us, today, not tomorrow, because today is already late and many friends have being jailed already
and we wanted to share it with all of you
cause we hope that at least it could help someone too, somewhere and somehow

love and cocks <3
stay safe 



